Installation is fairly simple:

Run the configure script in the src directory
modify config.h to fit your preferences and your system.
modify params.h also.
DO NOT CHANGE ANY OPTION THAT HAS an o_ notation. 
modify game/restart
edit the game/muck.conf file

cd src
cp netmuck ../game/
cd ../game
restart

Compiling TinyMUCK:

The code is written in ANSI C, and is known to compile and run under
ULTRIX/BSD 4.3/SunOS 4.1 on a VAX 8600, VAX 6400, DEC 3100s/5000s, a
MicroVAX, a Sun SparcStation/1, and a Sun 3/50.  TinyMUCK is also
known to have run on a HP9k260, as well as a NeXT.  As far as other
platforms, you're on your own.

Sun realloc() is braindead.  On every Sun system I have seen, TinyMUCK
runs about 6 megs in memory with a very small database if the option
DB_DOUBLING is not defined.  If you are running on a Sun3 or Sun4,
you should definitely compile with this option turned on.  Let me
know if there are other systems that need this.

Programs contained in the distribution:

netmuck

 This is the actual server program; it is invoked as 

    netmuck source-file dump-file [port]

If port is not specified it defaults to 4201.  The initial database
will be read in from source-file, which must contain at least the two
objects in minimal.db to work well.  The file small.db, which contains
the core of the original TinyMUD universe, may be a better place to
start a new universe from.  The netmuck process will write a checkpoint
out to dump-file every 60000 seconds; the interval can be changed by
setting DUMP_INTERVAL in config.h.

restart

  This is a bourne shell script which starts the netmuck program.
  It is invoked as:

    restart dbase-prefix
eg.,
    restart minimal

    This will restart the netmuck process using the file minimal.db.new,
    or, failing that, the file minimal.db.  The source file is renamed
    and the output is sent to minimal.db.new.  See the shell script for
    more info.

decompress

 Usage: decompress < compressed-db-file > uncompressed-db-file

The TinyMUD programs "dump", "sanity-check", "extract" and "paths" have
not yet been converted to the TinyMUCK database format.

I hope that you enjoy using TinyMUCK.  Please send all bug reports, etc.
to sfwhite@watcgl.waterloo.edu.

Stephen "Ghondahrl" White, March 22, 1990.

---------------------------------------
Stephen White has since then stopped working on MUCK code, as has
Lachesis, and so I'm now "the guy" supporting it.

As with him, I don't really care what you do with it, just send me any
patches that you've made so that I can put them into the next release.
I most definitely do not want tens of thousands of "patches" out there
for TinyMUCK --- it makes it hard for me to make the database format
backward-compatible for your benefit.

Sanity has been put back into the package.  It is run by typing:

	sanity <dbasefile >reportfile

And will print its progress as it proceeds.

I may be contacted by mailing to:

	rearl@piggy.ucsb.edu

or when that fails,

	rearl@piggy.ucsb.edu

When you send me change files, please send entire files, and not
diffs.

If you plan to become a TinyMUCK developer, please write me.  I will
provide information on who's working on what, what's being worked on,
what programming practices to avoid, and possibly a bit of technical
help.  If you just hack on your site and have no desire whatsoever to
spread your software to any other sites, there is no need for you to
do this, but don't whine if future version of TinyMUCK do things in a
different way, or if something crops up that makes your way of doing
things break.
